updated readme with catalogue etc. (#27)
samply/spot: README.md

```

#### GET
The get endpoint takes a beam task id in the path.

``` shell
curl http://localhost:8100/beam/<some-uuid>
```

See the example [call](./docs/listen-for-beam-results.sh)

### /catalogue

#### GET

``` shell
curl http://localhost:8100/catalogue
```

> Returns JSON catalogue of search criteria and the expected number of results in sites configured in Samply/Prism. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns JSON catalogue of search criteria along with metadata fetched from Samply.Prism (see [Prism's repository](https://github.com/samply/prism) for a list of metadata fields).
```
